PHASE 1: The Park
My family went to this cheap as fuck amusement park, we were on some ride with swings or something, but for whatever reason there were very long chains attached to the swings, and my mom insisted we try to hang on to them as the ride progressed. So the ride keeps getting faster, and my mom's close to the swing itself so she's fine. I ended up sliding to the bottom, which has now unrealistically swung out into the trees, latching on to multiple tangles of branch before flying completely out of control. All the reality of these tangles seemed to fade away as my own motality dawned on me and I realized what the situation could become, the senstation of just spinning around and around in a sort of uncontrollable controlled freefall. At which point I started screaming, which I imagine caught the attention of the farmers out in the distance. When I let go I just like... conveniently landed on a ledge with farmland very close by. I tried to take a step, but I ended up stumbling off the ledge and took a small fall which somehow knocked me on the ground. Someone found me and I was somehow unharmed. I had a moment of partial consciousness after the "landing" where the dream seemed to still be in my head but I was able to feel my bed and the "outside world."

PHASE 2: Outside the Facility (History)
I imagine the transition to be highly abrubt as I lost that shred of consciousness and went back to sleep. Suddenly I was looking at three very run-down buildings. A "narrator" (a voice whose origin was unknown through the entire dream) was discussing a senator in his journey to understand the conditions in which the former factory (or whatever the facility was) became housing in a particularly troubled part of town. The most vivid imagery was of a particularly windy winter day when the wind was so strong the buildings shook and trembled, the wood and stone making up their facades literally individually shaking and wobbling within the wind. The entire buildings seemed as though they were on the verge of collapse, but that collapse never came. As though there was merely a tour guide or some kind of presenter standing before the building who wanted to tell us the story of these presumably now abandoned buildings before people moved on, a group of (presumably) friends and I started going up the inclined road to perhaps acquire a meal of sorts or just a snack. The restaurant rose into sight as we climbed the hill, but right as we reached the top of the incline, there was a loud crash and a mass of screaming men, women, and children pouring out of the doors of the building, smoke billowing out of the cracks between wood paneling on the front of the building. Glass seemed to shatter as windows were smashed, in order to give smoke a place to go as people worked their way down from the very highest parts of the building. A slightly cold wind hit my face as I started to walk back to the building, unsure what to do about the situation. Many other onlookers also stopped to look over the scene, referencing a fire which happened at the facility before, when the building caught fire for the first time.

PHASE 3: The Groundhog Loop (Inside the Facility)
As though all the past events were some thought in my head, I found myself at work, although in a stranger place. Three conveyor belts ran down the length of the room, and it seemed multiple rooms serving as flats or apartments littered this single hall. Boxes of many varieties seemed to flow down each of the lines. ranging from small packages to massive wooden crates. Among the objects on the crowded belt, I head some meows, and two well-groomed cats passed by before I could grab either of them. I told a maintenance worker to stop the belt because there were live animals, and he complied as workers from up the hall were running down to find out why their belt was cut off. The cats were retrieved and taken back down the hall. As this happened, on the conveyor beside the one just stopped, a college-aged girl was placing a strange mass onto the belt, which when the belt stopped was found to be a "friend" of hers, who from my position sounded like she was laughing about a new way to get home while the workers were here. She had been taped quite firmly to a wood board before being placed on the belt, and the way her arms and legs were arranged seemed to me to look highly uncomfortable. Nevertheless, she was removed from the belt and her "friend" was arrested on the stop for the rather strange act. This sets up the framework for a loop of events from which further events will spawn. The events occur again, identical to the previous time. The next time, the number and kinds of cats seemed to increase, and the girl who put the other girl onto the belt had used duct tape instead of a clear tape, with only the other girl's head truly discernible from the mass of tape and wood. The third iteration was identical to the first and second, but the fifth seemed to have what broke the loop. This time a maintenance worker already had seven or cats lined up on a ledge next to the wall of the conveyor, and the belt was stopped because many pet containers had been sent down. Because I had no idea what as going on, I proceeded to go down the hall to figure out why live animals were ending up where they shouldn't. Upon arrival, all seemed alright, with two large rolling carts labeled "live animals" in which animals were meant to be stored. Workers seemed to still be looking through all the different kinds of packages for those not compliant with the company's alarmingly wide standards for packing. However, as I looked upward to the origins of the belts, I saw the corner of a package ablaze, with the package next to it although wrapped entirely in plastic catching fire and becoming engulfed in flames. This package which was on fire was removed and the fire that spread seeming to go out on its own. However, looking even further, the walls next to the conveyor belt seemed to glow with far too bright a yellow to be anything other than a fire. The lights in the facility itself were sparse flourescent lights which did enough to light the facility but not particularly brightly. This raging fire hadn't caused a halt in operations, with managers seeming to talk as though this fire was a common occurence and it was normal for the machinery to at times catch fire, even in "cold weather like this." At this point I finally began to drift out of sleep, and the vision of fire continued to glow in my head as I got up.